Note for ACLs and Restore (#12426)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/snapshot/restore.mdx

intended to be used when recovering from a disaster, restoring into a fresh
cluster of Consul servers.

> ->**Note:** If ACLs were enabled in your environment, you will need to bootstrap the ACL system before restoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** If ACLs are enabled in your environment, you will need to bootstrap the ACL system before initiating restore actions.
```
